IosPushNotifications
====================

== What is ios_push_notifications
  Nicely documented Push Notification gem for rails 3 applications, has generators for migrations and an initializer with configuration. Well documented and tested.... compared to other shitty forks out there >_>
== Install

  gem install ios_push_notifications

== Rails 3

To use ios_push_notifications with Rails 3 you will need to include it in your Gemfile.

group :development do
  gem "ios_push_notifications"
end

== Usage
  * rails g iospn  : Will name the migration files (iospn_devices and iospn_notifications) combined with the initializer
  
== Configuration
  TODO

== Usage
  TODO
   device = IOSPN::Device.find_or_create_by_token("params[:device_token]")
    
    notification = IOSPN::Notification.new
    notification.device = device
    notification.badge = 5
    notification.sound = true
    notification.alert = "text..."
    notification.save
    IOSPN::Notification.send_notifications
== Rake Tasks
  TODO
  
== Certificates
  TODO
  
Copyright (c) 2011 Seifvan Heifdari auf Awesomeness Von Cheeseburger

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
By reading this fine print your soul is now the exclusive property of WeDoBDD Productions and its Subsidiaries.
Unauthorized use of seivan gems, images, materials, souls, odors and oxygen is strongly discouraged. We know where you sleep.
Also, your mum & bring back prop8
